CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing Guidelines

Thank you for taking the time to contribute to this project!

Read our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to understand which actions are and aren’t tolerated.

Don't forget to drop a star :star: on the project if you like it! :wink:

## Issues

Issues can be used to report bugs, request features, or ask questions.

Before opening an issue, please check to make sure someone hasn't already opened an issue about it.

## Pull Requests

Once you've made changes, you can submit a Pull Request.

For a detailed pull request tutorial, see [this guide](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-create-a-pull-request-on-github).

Please make sure your Pull Request adheres to the following guidelines:

- Use the PR template provided.
- Keep your Pull Request title succinct, detailed and to the point.
- Keep commits atomic. One commit should contain one change. If you want to make multiple changes, submit multiple Pull Requests.
- Commits should be clear, concise and easy to understand.
- References to the Issue number in the Pull Request and/or Commit message.

### Your PR is merged!

Congratulations :tada::tada:

Thanks for taking the time and effort to contribute to this project! :sparkles:

We are excited to see your code in this project! :star2:

Commit message:

doc: update CONTRIBUTING and README (#40)
Add: wait for issue to be assigned to you.
State license in `CONTRIBUTING.md`.
Reword `README.md`.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing Guidelines

Thank you for taking the time to contribute to this project!

Read our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) to understand which actions are and aren’t tolerated.

Don't forget to drop a star :star: on the project if you like it! :wink:

## Issues

Issues can be used to report bugs, request features, or ask questions.

Before opening an issue, please check to make sure someone hasn't already opened an issue about it.

## Pull Requests

Before you start working on an issue, please comment on the issue and wait for it to be assigned to you. This is to avoid multiple people working on the same issue.

Once you have been assigned an issue, you can start working on it. When you are ready to submit your changes, open a pull request.
For a detailed pull request tutorial, see [this guide](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-create-a-pull-request-on-github).

Please make sure your Pull Request adheres to the following guidelines:

- Use the PR template provided.
- Keep your Pull Request title succinct, detailed and to the point.
- Keep commits atomic. One commit should contain one change. If you want to make multiple changes, submit multiple Pull Requests.
- Commits should be clear, concise and easy to understand.
- References to the Issue number in the Pull Request and/or Commit message.

### Your PR is merged!

Congratulations :tada::tada:

Thanks for taking the time and effort to contribute to this project! :sparkles:

We are excited to see your code in this project! :star2:

## License

By contributing to this project, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its [BSD 3-Clause License](LICENSE).
